Gwenevere Abriel: I can't quite hear you yet. Let's check on volume.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't hear you yet.
Sometimes
Michelle Lucero: Oh,
Michelle Lucero: So yeah, I'm totally running late. This
Morning. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you driving or
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait till your yeah somewhere stationary
Okay.
Michelle Lucero: It'll be like two minutes. Do you want me to just stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just saw that on. I'll stay here.
Michelle Lucero: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just brought you in huh. Okay, I don't see you, I see black screen.
Michelle Lucero: I can see you. Should I log out and log back in. Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just came on. Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me what you've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: That sort of demonstrates this sort of commitment to
Gwenevere Abriel: Really really protecting your recovery really protecting your boundaries assertiveness, like, tell me what's what you're working hard at
Michelle Lucero: Um,
Michelle Lucero: I'm just, I'm trying to
Michelle Lucero: Stay positive, because I've had a lot of negative go on lately. Just trying to stay positive and
Michelle Lucero: Keep my mind from wondering
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, how bad is it getting when you say laundry.
How about
Michelle Lucero: Just like reminiscing on how I used to know myself to
Michelle Lucero: Everything and I'm not done with anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so something's big is going on. Michelle something. You're right. You're right. You're romanticizing it. This is a risky.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a risk factor right here. You're spending time literally spending seconds and minutes when you're in that network of thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: It becomes so much more likely that you're going to take action on it. And yes, you're focusing on some positive stuff and I get that. But, Michelle. What is happening, what is going on.
Michelle Lucero: It's just a lot of stuff at home just Anthony mainly and stuff with the family.
Michelle Lucero: And then he has been
Michelle Lucero: Still talking to other girls and he didn't come home Friday night.
Michelle Lucero: And then he was gone all Saturday his phone was off.
Michelle Lucero: Um, and I get worried because the vehicle. He's in is registered under my name. It's my old truck. So when he bought me this car. He was supposed to put the truck under his name.
Michelle Lucero: But he never did. So it's still under my name and I'm afraid that like he's gonna wreck or something and be drinking and it'll be on me because it's my vehicle. It's my insurance.
Michelle Lucero: So I'm worried about that and he thinks because I call him to wonder, like, where's the truck. Where are you that I'm
Michelle Lucero: Wondering where he's at. I mean, I could care less. Honestly, where he's at or who is with, I just want to make sure that
Michelle Lucero: I'm not going to get in trouble for something stupid, he did because it's happened before.
Michelle Lucero: him drink. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony's going to do, Anthony.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I know that. And it doesn't. I mean, it bothers me because he's not man enough to just be honest and tell me what's going on, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you if you're really being honest about you don't care about the girls because you did start with that still talking to girls. If that's true, if that's a separate issue and that one's not as exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: As as being able to reasonably predict that you have this variable. This possibility that he
Gwenevere Abriel: You may incur, you know, a change in insurance rates.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I mean, he's still. Yeah. So what can you do you're waiting for him to do it. Just let that go. Let's say you're responsible for fixing what's going on with the registration and all of that. What can you do
Michelle Lucero: What is he. Oh, I've already thought about it on my next paycheck, which is on the seventh. I'm gonna
Michelle Lucero: Get the title will see that's the thing. I don't even have the title. He has the title.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys live in the same house. I don't understand what you mean by the title. Tell me what
Michelle Lucero: I don't, I looked for it everywhere.
Michelle Lucero: I've looked for it everywhere, unless it's in the truck. It's not in the house like everywhere. We put important papers.
Michelle Lucero: I can't find it, but I told him when I get paid. I will switch the truck over to your name, just so I don't have to be bothered with it. I don't care if I have to be
Michelle Lucero: Like, it'll be like $65 to get it switch from my name to his and then I'm dropping the insurance. I already dropped the insurance have been dropped for
Michelle Lucero: Two to two days now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so talk about the title for a second, you're able to say that I'm going to switch it. So how can. Why not say
Gwenevere Abriel: I've looked for the title in our files. Is it in the glove box.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I
Michelle Lucero: He says he doesn't know where it's at. But I, I know he knows where it's at. And I think he thinks I'm just going to take it away from him and take the truck, because the cars already under my name.
Michelle Lucero: So he can't say he bought it for me. While he did, but it's already in my name is so it doesn't matter, but I think he thinks I'm just going to take the title and leave with the truck and the car, which I don't want the truck anymore. He's a
Really
Gwenevere Abriel: How can you be believed, you know him.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I told him, Give me the title and I'll sign it over to you, then it's not mine, then it'll be yours because your names on it last. And that's what matters.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he doesn't believe you. So again, what
Michelle Lucero: When, when you get your next day off, which is not till I don't know next Monday. I think
Michelle Lucero: He said, Well, look for it. And we'll do that and I'm gonna look for it. If not, I'm going to file for a loss title into it myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go.
Michelle Lucero: My name and like I'm I just don't want to be bothered with it anymore. I cannot sleep.
Michelle Lucero: When he doesn't come home and I'm thinking, like, Oh my God, did he get into a car accident. Did he kill somebody in the truck and it's under my name like
Michelle Lucero: I don't know, legally if I'll be able if I'll be held accountable for that. It's in my name, or like anything but it bothers me because I'm on probation and I don't need
Michelle Lucero: Anything else
Gwenevere Abriel: To add this to things that you can investigate why don't you call your insurance carrier
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you ask them.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, why
Michelle Lucero: can ensure maybe hypothetically.
You can say
Gwenevere Abriel: I have on the registered owner of this vehicle. And I'm just curious if people use my vehicle.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens right yeah the legal implications.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to other people in your life about that because you might actually be missing some some information. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that are not the registered owner can can drive cars mean that's very common. We lend people cars or they're in our family and they drive the car. It just needs to be registered
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, that's different.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now, there might be something in insurance where whether he's covered or he's not that might be something else. Those are kind of separate
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think what you need is information to help asleep, you already have. I can clearly hear you're really clear of what you want to do, but the part which part of it makes you reminisce which piece of it makes you start to go to wanting to escape.
Michelle Lucero: I'm just the anxiety of it.
Michelle Lucero: If I like when it used to happen. Back in the day when I lived at my house.
Michelle Lucero: I would just get a high and I had to go right to sleep, not worry about anything. I wouldn't bother you, and calling them all night wondering where is that
Michelle Lucero: I would just go to sleep and just numb it all and not worry till the morning and then when the morning came, I'd get even higher, just to go through my day without talking to him or knowing what was going on. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it, yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Like, oh my god, I really
Michelle Lucero: I tried to numb it out like by myself without anything just tried to think of other things.
Michelle Lucero: And it's so hard to just get my mind off of it. The
Gwenevere Abriel: Problem with that registration back then was still there. It didn't go away. You still had to face it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have problems in the family in the residence, you've got things that will not get better when you're high
Gwenevere Abriel: No one's going to come in.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you
Gwenevere Abriel: You are doing it. You're just not familiar and really habituated yet to seeing you're taking care of what needs to get taken care of. You're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's hard, and your mind invites you right the addict says, Come on over here. You don't have to worry about these problems. Now once you feel good. Now, but you Michelle, as an adult, you know those problems won't go way you will wake up in that same home that same man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you start doing what you've been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're in your own solution when you're feeling brave you're working on communication with yourself with others when you're assertive when you're putting money aside when you are taking responsibility for your own life, your life will change.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will it is changing. There's no way you could have said, I'm going to have the money to go do this and this and this and this. You are sharp minded, you know exactly what needs to be done. I challenged you just now and you know exactly what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are a very bright woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I say, no one's going to come in and rescue. What does that make you feel
Michelle Lucero: It reminds me that. Yeah, that's true. And
Michelle Lucero: I still. Most of the time I do wait for someone to give me the answers or someone to give me a solution when I know the solution. I just don't trust myself to act on it.
Michelle Lucero: Like all the time. I do that, I double. I like to second guess myself where I have to ask for
Michelle Lucero: Someone to agree with me for me to know it's okay, or that it's a good idea.
Michelle Lucero: But lately. Instead of feeling like, oh, I need to know myself to not feel this. I just keep remembering
Michelle Lucero: Like in a year from now, where I'm going to be where I want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear about that. Let's go there. I want to hear what you're envisioning
Michelle Lucero: So I want to start saving money starting last paycheck.
Michelle Lucero: Or you're ready me saved.
Michelle Lucero: And I'm going to apply for housing. I don't know if I could get it but I'm gonna try because no one like I left.
Michelle Lucero: on good terms with my housing.
Michelle Lucero: So I think I could get back into housing and I'm just going to do that. That's all I'm going to be focused on is getting my own place saving money like Anthony doesn't know that
Michelle Lucero: He doesn't know when I have money or if I have money or where I have my money.
Michelle Lucero: I don't even keep my bank card in my purse. I keep it in my car with the doors locked all the time because I'm afraid like he's gonna find it or call my card and see
Michelle Lucero: How much is one there. But yeah, I just, I keep thinking about that and I know it will happen. I've done it before and just knowing that makes me feel better and that makes me
Michelle Lucero: Think Like okay, you don't want to go mess up now, because that won't be a possibility, you won't be able to go and do that if you go and get high and get thrown in jail, get more charges and like
Michelle Lucero: It's not worth it to me. So that's what I've been doing instead of wanting to know
Gwenevere Abriel: You should be with your son in this new home. What do you get to do what's your morning going to be like, What's the, what's the Saturday morning going to be like if you're in your own place with your son.
Michelle Lucero: Getting up whenever we wake up and making breakfast, getting ready and going to the park or going to play basketball, or baseball or shoot his bow and arrows.
Michelle Lucero: What is quality time with him. I mean, I do that now. But it'll
Michelle Lucero: It'll be so much better if it's just him and I, we won't have to deal with any anything in the morning, you can just wake up and have a great day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what will be present in that home that you're going to create with what are the feelings.
Michelle Lucero: What is the fullness and happiness and love.
Michelle Lucero: Calmness
Michelle Lucero: Anxiety.
Michelle Lucero: No anger.
Michelle Lucero: Like laughter. Like, if we can even laugh and our house now like Anthony get so mad when we laugh because he always things were laughing at him and probably we are but
Michelle Lucero: Like yeah, me and Stefan have to go to my room to laugh or to watch movies that are funny like under the hate happiness. I swear, I think, you know, you just can't stand to see anybody happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture what movie right just just really get into. So then you've had this nice breakfast to you exercise you had this day where you went out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you had this playfulness that really light hearted experience and maybe even being able to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Your son. What about it. What about if he was upset. Can you picture being able to see him upset about something and being able to be his mother be present for him. This is a different way to be you've been so preoccupied surviving
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't have to just survive. You can thrive and your son can thrive. Can you picture what you will be able to do as a parent for him that you can't do right now. What do you envision
Michelle Lucero: I'm
Michelle Lucero: Just
Michelle Lucero: Be positive with him. Show him positivity and positive things. I mean, I do that now. But it would mean so much more. If I could show him what I mean like
Michelle Lucero: You know, like, see how miserable. We were living at the trailer and I got is that are there, and I can't wait to say that again, wait to show him.
Michelle Lucero: That I'm always going to be there. Get him out of
Michelle Lucero: You know, try to make his life better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see if you can refine this one. I can't wait to show him what is it that you want to show him what's going to really help them.
Michelle Lucero: Just to be out of all that negativity, just to be
Michelle Lucero: Able to be happy and feel loved.
Michelle Lucero: And not to me so angry over time.
Michelle Lucero: I mean like when Anthony's when Anthony is gone, I am happy because I'm not having to deal with stress. But then I have added stress because I'm worried about the truck and
Michelle Lucero: I mean, most of the time if Anthony's like Oh, I'm going to be home late. I'm like, Yes. Like, I literally get a happy knowing he's not going to be there and that all have more time to, you know, not have to deal with him.
Michelle Lucero: And my son feels the same way.
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Gwenevere Abriel: You. I want you to stay in this space of
Gwenevere Abriel: countering
Gwenevere Abriel: The addiction voice of romanticizing
Gwenevere Abriel: Substance use with how important
Gwenevere Abriel: Your son's well being, is
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to stay in conversation right but those two voices.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that addiction says sounds so great.
Michelle Lucero: Just not being here mentally
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay hold on to that. Now, are you back from the perspective of loving mother. What do you say to do. You don't have to be here. You see back to that.
Michelle Lucero: You need to be here because you have a 13 year old that needs you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have
Michelle Lucero: I mean, I have. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's just, it's more impactful. If you say so. Say it again slow way down. Close your eyes and go inside that truth. I have a 13 year old.
Michelle Lucero: That 13 year old that needs me to be here. So I can't know myself and not be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've known myself before. And what happened to my 13 year old.
Michelle Lucero: He got neglected.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really make that addict hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Your roar really hear it needs to fax it up.
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I just
Michelle Lucero: In the past, I know that I've numbed myself to the point to where
Michelle Lucero: He would talk to me and nothing, he would say, would register with me.
Michelle Lucero: And he'd walk away upset, knowing that I didn't hear a word he just said.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. And you've not called him. You've disappeared.
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Do you and I kills me. It gives me the worst guilt. I'm just remembering what I've done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So guilt is action actionable sit with responsibility that you can do it differently. That's the only thing that gets addressed if it's not, then it's shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's where addictions, like, yeah, you are a real shit you're always going to be a shit. You're a terrible mother, come over here. You don't have to feel if you go that deep
Gwenevere Abriel: Into shame it will get you. But if you sit with it gives me guilt. I feel responsible. I'm taking action to do it differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you sit here and all you do is label yourself anything negative that's going to make the attic likud's chopped and chops and say yes. Oh, keep it up, keep saying negative things about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you stop and you say no I deviated from my core values on going to do it differently. I am doing it differently. I'm going to stay focus just today on the things I need to do show that's all you need to do. I am not kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today you show up for work each minute you enjoy who you all your life being smiley and you like being positive, then go for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you're home. If the timings. Right. You want to nose around in the truck and you want to look for it. One last time for that title. Great. You're already saving money you're already putting action, you've already made the decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've done it before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Guilt is supposed to be there to remind us of what's important to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shame doesn't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is intolerable and it says that you're a bad person and escape becomes the next logical conclusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You say it's the worst guilt is it
Michelle Lucero: A live
Michelle Lucero: It kills me just thinking about it and
Michelle Lucero: All the times that he needed me that I was there, but not mentally there.
Michelle Lucero: And I, I wasn't even there for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: No you weren't
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's guilt. Michelle, you know how we know out here is we say I see how its impacted other people
Gwenevere Abriel: Shame impacts you and destroys you
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can sit with how you have affected others.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do this. You can take ownership for it. But if you say back to me. Right. It's the worst. I can't do it. I can't feel this
Gwenevere Abriel: The addict is. Gotcha. It's like, yeah, you won't be able to stand out much longer. Come on over here, baby. You'll feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your son was affected by that you abandoned you
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got what it takes. Michelle, all it is. You forgot but but look what you've put together, you're still working.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're still doing it. You're getting up and you're going, that's all. This takes
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to save you've applied before you don't have to get ahead of it and say, oh, it's going to be so hard, whatever, whatever. No, it's just the next right thing that's right in front of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't dip into shame. Can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are a good mom a good person.
Gwenevere Abriel: So make the decisions that are consistent with that from today forward. That's it. That's the only thing you have control over. I can promise you that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to say internally that can push the voice of addiction away.
Michelle Lucero: I
Michelle Lucero: That it will it also impacts and I'll soon be added here.
Michelle Lucero: And I won't have to deal with it much longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: This feeling will pass
Gwenevere Abriel: I will soon be out of here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about how it's important to you to be there for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me more about
Michelle Lucero: I just gotta remember how independent I was
Michelle Lucero: Because it gets scary to think like, oh my god, I'm going to be out there doing it on my own. Again, but then I also have to remember how good it feels when you pay your own bills.
Michelle Lucero: And your rents paid and your bills are paid and you have extra money to go buy ice cream with the kids and just how good it feels to live a normal life without being high
Michelle Lucero: And being genuinely happy, not because you're high and it makes you happy, but just being genuinely happy with myself and
Michelle Lucero: My kids and giving myself credit or you know what I've done, and how far I've
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, we're going to do a little see if you're up to it. It's been a while since I've used these little emojis.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know the little you get my. Do you have a phone that will receive like a little animation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, let's, let's do it. Let's create one where we'll pick a little guy that you like little character.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be a face to, you know, I don't know if you have a little Avatar, but this is, this is what I would like you to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: First let's pick, pick a critter see which one you like. We can either do Avatar, it's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where we pick one. That's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Or we can do an animal, and it's going to be talking to you. You're going to hear your own voice. I'm going to record you in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to actually have you recorded voice, the one that's going to be telling addiction to back the F off.
Michelle Lucero: The little, the little mouse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Likes the mouse that's going to be coming up with six or all of them. Make sure this is the one. Well, first of all, what do you picture the addiction images. What's that voice.
Michelle Lucero: The addiction voice.
It's ugly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we want. Maybe something beautiful right so let's keep looking to the mouse. I got a little octopus little cow looks like a giraffe shark.
Gwenevere Abriel: L.
Gwenevere Abriel: A bowl of bore Gabor monkey.
Robot.
Dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alien
Michelle Lucero: Hope.
Michelle Lucero: Panda.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's rehearse, go go inside, get real clear
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to use the direct
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you're going to use a use statement, it's going to be something like you need to stop lying to me that you're a waste of my time you're all about short term gain you don't care about my health, you don't care about my son. You don't care if he is neglected.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's call him a name, forget it. You see what I'm trying to say, I want you to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: That record it. I'm going to record it for you. And I'm going to send you that little tiny little movie and that voice will be right there. When you start that romanticizing you're going to hear this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's practice, what do you want to say to the ugly addiction voice you want put some benefits, put some heat
Michelle Lucero: You need to stop trying to make me fall
Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why
Michelle Lucero: Because I'm
Michelle Lucero: Stronger
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you got a question in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're just talking about your reasons earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back to it.
Michelle Lucero: Because I'm strong enough to be independent and
Michelle Lucero: I'm worth it. And my kids are worth it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it again. You need to stop trying to make me fall. Do it again.
Michelle Lucero: You need to stop trying to make me fall because I'm stronger than I was before. And I'm worth it. And my kids are working
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we're independent in there. Again, I think that's going to be important.
Okay.
Michelle Lucero: You need us. You need to stop trying to make me fall because I'm independent and I'm stronger than I was before. And I'm worth it. And my kids are worth it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Okay, we're going to do it again and this time I'm going to make this little emoji guy work.
You ready. Yep.
Now,
Michelle Lucero: You need to stop trying to make me fall because I'm independent and I'm stronger than I was before. And I'm worth it. And my kids are worth it.
We play that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Independence and I'm stronger than I was before. And I'm worth it. And my kids are worth it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to snap you out of it. You need something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just sent it to you. Now the beginning right there's a little bit of us kind of talking, but then it kicks into gear.
Michelle.
You get that this brain.
Michelle Lucero: When you say reminiscing
Gwenevere Abriel: When you spend time
Gwenevere Abriel: Literally
Gwenevere Abriel: That information is stored in a particular network of the brain. It's a muscle, right, I mean you can picture. It's just a blob up there right
Gwenevere Abriel: It's stored information. And when you monitor. In other words, when you're in that network of information you are reinforcing it
Gwenevere Abriel: I kid you not. When you spend time there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to get out of it as quick as you possibly can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go into
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantasy. I'm going to have the color walls. I want. I'm going to have the food I want. I'm going to have all the right go in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: The network that you are monitoring, you are modifying if you spend time in this other one that we just talked about on purpose and fights like you've never fought before fight that other network, you will be building it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will see more realistic and
Gwenevere Abriel: Happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time and that other one
Michelle Lucero: Forcing
Gwenevere Abriel: That ugliness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are just neurological facts.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a metaphor. Right. And we were looking at each other. Maybe it feels like this, like, you know, you don't think that it's an actual Oregon that's working right now. I know how to put this sentence together because it's stored information and my all my parts of my brain are working
Gwenevere Abriel: You can decide to focus elsewhere. When you indulge in that what I call you call it reminiscing right i was like this and then
Gwenevere Abriel: You're making that a reality or literally thinking about something.
Gwenevere Abriel: And reinforcing it and it seems like a solution, but you've got to immediately.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not spend one more thought invested in that network, not one more thought because you're reinforcing it every time you spend time in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want it.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we don't visit a network, naturally, what happens is pruning, it starts, because if we don't visit something. Think about stuff you learn when you're a junior high, please. I don't remember anything. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I should have visited a little more often right world history. I don't know, but I
Gwenevere Abriel: If I kept revisiting it
Gwenevere Abriel: I would have remembered it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I revisit psychological theory little pieces of it that I don't are gone.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll probably if I review article. Oh snap. That's right. I remember learning that. Oh, it was a cool little widget thing. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to start using it, but I've got to say the words.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to revisit that information or it will go away. It will prune. So the positive part about this addiction network is if you stop visiting it
Gwenevere Abriel: It will start
Gwenevere Abriel: To d compensate and there will be less networks you keep going to it, you're reinforcing it
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just science no metaphor in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, but it feels like it because we're like the social creatures and it's hard to imagine that science is happening, like right now like right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it feels more spiritual right because fear doesn't feel like a science experiment. It's in the body, it's like all this tension everywhere.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your biology. Your neurobiology.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's make it work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your conviction level right now about just all you have to do is the next right thing
That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how much you've saved.
Michelle Lucero: Oh, I'm $125 just
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I was going for 100 but yesterday I looked and I still have like
Michelle Lucero: After because you could like separate money and put it in and savings.
Michelle Lucero: On the day so I had 100 but yesterday I still had $85
Michelle Lucero: Like, just to for gas and cigarettes or whatever I need for until I get me to cancel the seven and I was like, I can, I can work with with just I'm 65 so I put 25 back in the evening.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I saved $125 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: That's real. That wasn't possible if you hadn't done this simple
Gwenevere Abriel: Or login experience protecting asleep, not picking fights not focusing on the cleanliness of a house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to yourself overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this projection into the future that you can't handle this registration issue. Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just have a plan and you do the plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: adding to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How likely is it that you're going to revisit
Gwenevere Abriel: This internal argument back its internal
Michelle Lucero: Probably once I get home.
Michelle Lucero: And have to deal with Anthony
Michelle Lucero: But yeah, like it. It comes often it won't bother me while I'm at work and it doesn't bother me well.
Michelle Lucero: I'm alone. It only bothers me whenever
Michelle Lucero: I'm around down the knee.
Michelle Lucero: Or having to deal with vs from him.
Michelle Lucero: But I just, I honestly right away, the first thought that go the second thought that goes into my mind after wanting to be numb is Joe and me sitting in that jail cell and how miserable. I was, and like all never all never put myself there again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good. Well, that's a motivator. That's a it's an extra motivator, but we'll take it.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to be miserable very, very prevalent. So when you look at him, and you look at Anthony and he continues to do his thing. He's not going to
Michelle Lucero: Change.
Gwenevere Abriel: On or off with the assumption. He's not going to
Change.
Gwenevere Abriel: You gotta hold on to yourself, Michelle. Yeah, watch the video before you walk in the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, listen to it as you're driving home and get yourself prepared. He's going to be full of nonsense just figure out what you need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And go do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's meet again, when are we going to meet again.
Michelle Lucero: Next Wednesday, same time
Gwenevere Abriel: You need an order for medicine. Yes. Okay. I'll text, the doctor right now.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, thank you. I'll see you Tuesday at seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you go to you. Bye.
Michelle Lucero: Bye.